So, in this case, the idea will be to find health, to work with
health,
and to truly trust the self-regulation process
that is generated by the primary respiration when the two
neutrals merge.
You are going to make contact with the patient as gently
as possible.
And it's as if you're asking for communication.
like an authorization, the present movement is health,
touch as if we had
ants that can leave, that can't, but we can't crush them either, we
take
the time, let your neutral mature further, position yourself perfectly, allow
thoracic respiration and little by little primary respiration to
synchronize.
The hands are placed on the micro-crystalline field.
That is to say, you take the entirety of the person, even their
aura, their amniotic cavity.
You have the entirety of the person in your hand.
The breath moves, the breath of life moves, the
primary respiration, and the awareness of the space around you.
And this respiration itself has a fulcrum that is located in zone
A, in the body.
respiration, it's like a door that opens and a door that closes. A
door that opens and a
door that closes. That means that if there's a door that opens and a door that closes, there
is
like a hinge, a fulcrum to this respiration. You have the
silence or the dynamic
stillness in the room, you have the moving breath and
the breath of life, the primary respiration.
Little by little, your neutral deepens, you synchronize with the
primary respiration, the breath of life, and your thoracic respiration.
Simply synchronize, become aware of the crystalline stillness of
the room.
It's like a pendulum, and the fulcrum, the still point of this pendulum, represents
the point of stillness of the thoracic respiration.
You remain in the space, in the presence of the...
awareness of space. You have in mind all this movement, this amniotic cavity that is
there,
and its transverse and longitudinal organization. Participate. Somewhere,
you are going to rebuild
this layer. And at the same time, you are going to restore all the strength of the fluids towards the
center. You have the breath, the breath of life, and the awareness
of the room, the stillness.
And little by little, with a little...
calm, when the neutral deepens, these two points of silence will
merge.
This will give a new quality of silence. For this, you have observed the breath,
the end of the exhalation. Just before the patient breathes in again, there
is an awareness,
there is a door. You enter into this quality. The breath, the crystalline stillness
of the room, the breath of life and the meeting little
by little, of this diaphragm, of these diaphragmatic pillars, of this fulcrum
of
the breath and of this silence of the room, of these mobilities
of the room.
Little by little, the neutrals must meet, they will merge, they will unify.
You have the amniotic cavity expanding laterally, like an egg, completely
surrounding you and rebuilding itself.
The entire fluidic system recenters itself.
Zone A calms, zone B rebuilds itself.
Zone C merges with the dynamic stillness
of the fulcrum of respiration.
Let the neutral deepen.
This midline, like a function, is a center of health.
It is an opening to space.
There is no real distance.
Let yourself be placed by it.
Open your field.
perceptual, peripheral and the meeting of the two neutrals will
create, open the therapeutic
function, the tide. Truly, it is the small tide that is present.
Let yourself be repositioned by it. It cannot be harmed. This is what will
allow little by little the correct spatio-temporal reorientation
of the form and its function.
Synchronization, unity with nature.
It converts therapeutic forces.
Let this process continue for a few more minutes.
Surrender.
The amniotic cavity, zone B, rebuilds itself.
The fluids recenter.
The body finds its fulcrums, its points of silence, to be reborn.
There is a full regenerative force that sets in, that activates.
Carry your consciousness to the horizon.
From your midline to the horizon.
From the center of your being to the horizon.
And from the horizon to your midline.
The breath, the breath of life.
Little by little, a tide may arrive.
Let yourself be surprised.
It's like a warmth that will begin to enter.
A metabolic, trophic increase, a rebalancing.
But it's a mantra that cuts off the mind.
Hum, ya, ah.
Om Ben Dhan
Eeeh...
Om...